www.google.com Local DNS Time: 27.1 msec
www.youtube.com Local DNS Time: 29.7 msec
www.facebook.com Local DNS Time: 30.6 msec
www.baidu.com Local DNS Time: 56.4 msec
www.wikipedia.org Local DNS Time: 54.7 msec
www.reddit.com Local DNS Time: 59.2 msec
www.yahoo.com Local DNS Time: 30.7 msec
www.google.co.in Local DNS Time: 30.7 msec
www.Qq.com Local DNS Time: 31.5 msec
www.taobao.com Local DNS Time: 55.4 msec
www.amazon.com Local DNS Time: 66.2 msec
www.tmall.com Local DNS Time: 71.8 msec
www.twitter.com Local DNS Time: 61.2 msec
www.google.co.jp Local DNS Time: 30.6 msec
www.instagram.com Local DNS Time: 41.0 msec
www.live.com Local DNS Time: 30.7 msec
www.vk.com Local DNS Time: 30.0 msec
www.sohu.com Local DNS Time: 72.2 msec
www.sina.com.cn Local DNS Time: 73.5 msec
www.jd.com Local DNS Time: 75.0 msec
www.weibo.com Local DNS Time: 35.6 msec
www.360.cn Local DNS Time: 40.9 msec
www.google.de Local DNS Time: 30.6 msec
www.google.co.uk Local DNS Time: 29.9 msec
www.google.com.br Local DNS Time: 30.5 msec
